[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road,
a graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict
and find themselves in
the midst of an all-our war!
If you want to take my life,
then I am powerless to stop you!
But no one else
should have to suffer!
I won't let you
harm this kingdom!
I will protect it with my life!
So come get me, you monster!
Dammit, Weepyhoshi!
I told you to stay where
I could protect you!
[laughs] I'll show you
what happens to traitors,
Vander Decken!
But I do admit,
I like this idea of yours!
[laughs]
I can't believe I'm
letting you save the girl!
You better not let us down!
Don't hold anything back, Luffy!
Here I go!
[LUFFY] "Hurry up, Luffy!
Shirahoshi's Life in Jeopardy!"
[FISHMEN gasping]
Wha-What's it doing?
[FISHMAN A]
It's leaving!
Look! The Noah's not headed
toward the island anymore!
[FISHMAN AA] The princess
is leading it away from us!
It won't crash
into us after all!
Don't let it hit you!
[FISHMAN C]
Swim faster!
[DECKEN laughs]
[DECKEN]
Where do you think you're going?
You know you can't
run away, don't you?
There is no escape!
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
If I'm going
to steer the Noah clear
of the bubble,
then I have to swim
as far out to sea as I can!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
The bubble will surely break
if it takes any more damage!
[SHIRAHOSHI] But the main
entrance is too far away!
No, wait.
I believe Luffy and his
friends were the last ones
to leave the Ryugu Palace.
If that's the case,
perhaps the gateway
is still open!
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
Oh, no.
Isn't there some way to help
instead of just standing here?
What does
Vander Decken have to gain
from this, anyway?
Leave our princess
alone, you monster!
It's not Shirahoshi's fault--
she doesn't deserve
to die for this!
[FISHMAN BB] Hordy's
climbing onto the ship, too?
That can't be good!
What if he attacks her again?
[FISHMAN CC]
There's no one to protect her!
She can't fight him!
Decken, you filthy traitor.
Have you lost your damned mind?
This is far from over.
I can make use of that madman.
[JIMBEI]
Keep your wits about you, Luffy!
Fishmen are far stronger
than humans in the water.
Do not forget that!
[LUFFY]
Uh-huh!
I can't throw Luffy
too hard or he'll break through
the bubble and
go flying out to sea.
So I'm gonna have
to do it extra carefully.
With exactly the
right amount of force!
Now, Sanji!
Armee de L'air Assault.
Gum Shoot!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Whoa! This thing's pretty big!
[LUFFY] I guess I'm
between the bubbles now?
[LUFFY] Wait, Hordy's
still under the bubble.
We can't stop this thing.
But if we can slow it down,
even just a little--
maybe she can get away!
Come on!
Don't let it catch her!
[FISHMAN EE]
Hurry, princess!
We'll try to slow it down!
You get somewhere safe!
Dammit! It's too heavy!
Are they crazy?
My people...
Who came up with that plan?
No matter how hard they pull,
that ship'll never move an inch!
Why don't I put you
out of your misery?
[gasps]
C'mon! Back off!
Shark Arrows!
[FISHMEN yelling]
Buncha worthless scum!
You're the reason humans look
down on our entire race!
My kingdom has no place for
sentimental weaklings like you!
[yells]
[FISHMAN L groans]
[FISHMAN M yells]
If your pride as Fishmen
means nothing to you,
then your pathetic
lives mean nothing to me!
[FISHMEN screaming]
[HORDY] You've soiled
the name of our proud race!
This is the fate you deserve!
[laughs]
[FISHMEN screaming]
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
No...
Dammit, Hordy!
We're sorry, Your Majesty.
Just swim away! Hurry.
I mustn't stop now!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I was right!
The entrance to
the palace is still open!
Just hang in there, buddy!
Hordy, how could you?
Heh.
She made it up to the gate!
[FISHMAN R]
She's swimming out to sea!
[FISHMAN FF]
The Noah's still on her tail!
[FISHMAN GG]
You can do it, Princess!
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
[LUFFY]
It's going up!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
Whoa! Ah!
I can't steer this thing!
[LUFFY grunting]
[HORDY]
Poor, feeble humans.
Must be inconvenient.
[gasps]
[HORDY]
You all act so high and mighty
when you're safe on land.
But here in the water,
you're not even a match
for the smallest Fishman child!
A man is only
as strong as he is
at his weakest, I'm afraid.
You might be powerful
up on the island,
but you're in my territory now.
Shut up and fight me!
[HORDY] You don't listen
very well do you?
You're not on
the ground anymore, kid!
[HORDY]
You think you can keep up,
while you're being tossed
around in that bubble?
I hate to break it to you,
but if you're worried
about Shirahoshi,
you're gonna be long dead
before that ship hits her.
Speaking of the princess,
she did me a favor
going out to sea.
You can send her a thank you
note from your watery grave!
[laughs]
Shark Arrows!
How's that Devil Fruit
power of yours working out,
by the way? How did
you think this would go?
How arrogant to think
you had a chance in the sea.
[laughs]
Perhaps you understand at last.
In the bitter end, you humans
will finally see that
you're unfit to rule this world!
A lesson learned
far too late, I'm afraid.
[HORDY] Pathetic!
You can't even breathe!
All the fools who
enter these waters will pay
a high price for
their arrogance.
It's far too late
now to beg for mercy!
But you're not even capable
of that anymore, are you?
Truly, such a
miserable creature!
Now prepare to rot in Hell!
[HORDY]
Heh.
Back for more, are you?
[coughs]
Are you all right?
Speak to me, Luffy!
Hey, it's you!
[HORDY] Too bad that
kind gesture was in vain.
Because I'm not
about to let you get away.
Now say goodbye!
[chuckles]
[FISHMAN DD]
Pull! Pull!
We can't stop this thing.
But if we can slow it down,
even just a little--
maybe she can get away!
Come on!
Don't let it catch her!
[FISHMAN EE] Hurry, princess!
We'll try to slow it down!
You get somewhere safe!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
This isn't enough!
If I want to save the
people of my Kingdom,
I have to lure the Noah
far away from the island!
As far as I possibly can!
[DECKEN laughs]
I almost forgot to
ask, Shirahoshi!
[laughs]
How does freedom feel?
After ten years, you're
no longer protected by
the cold stone walls of
the Hard Shell Tower!
And now, it's time
for you to bleed to death,
my darling.
That is, unless you'd
rather be crushed by
the massive weight of the Noah!
But one teeny-tiny
little magic word can spare you
this dread fate,
and that's, "Yes!"
Simply utter that one word
and your troubles will be over!
I'm deeply sorry, Sir Decken,
but I simply can't do that!
Why must you refuse to marry me?
Because you're not my type!
[screams]
[DECKEN groans, sighs]
I see. Then to Hell with you!
Die today,
and live for eternity!
Deep, within my poor,
miserable heart!
Then you'll be mine!
Figuratively at least!
[screams]
Ha!
[gasps]
You need to learn
how to treat a lady!
Or anybody, for that matter!
Shirahoshi is our baby sister!
We will never let you
lay a hand on her.
Not ever!
You came to save me!
And Hoe's here as well!
--Thank you!
--[HOE chirps]
Well hello, brothers-in-law!
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI]
We are not your family!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Oh, brothers!
Some of our people attempted to
save me, but then they were--
[sobs]
[MANBOSHI] Now's not the
time for tears, Shirahoshi!
Oh. Oh, please
don't get mad at me.
--[wails]
--I said don't cry!
Focus, you two!
Father told us that we
shouldn't let any harm come
to the Noah-so-la-ti-do!
We have to find
a way to get it safely back
to the seafloor without letting
it hit anything along the way!
[RYUBOSHI]
Look out!
[GROUP screams]
Listen!
We need you to mambo
your way around
the underwater
mountains and trenches!
And don't rock the boat, baby!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
But there are so many obstacles!
Where should I go?
[MANBOSHI growls]
Up there!
The path should be
a lot clearer that way!
All right, I'll go!
He won't get
away from mi-fa-so-la!
You will never escape, my love.
It's as hopeless as you trying
to escape the hot pursuit
of the Noah!
I'll chase after you as long as
I have to, my beautiful bride!
[laughs]
Good thing you showed up.
Thanks a lot!
But you got hurt
pretty bad back there.
Are you okay?
[FUKABOSHI] My pain means
nothing when so many soldiers,
citizens, and royal family
members were attacked.
Even my sister Shirahoshi's
trying her best to save
the Ryugu Kingdom,
despite the injury she suffered.
So you see,
there simply isn't time for me
to sit back and lick my wounds!
Well, in that case,
can ask you a favor?
[FUKABOSHI] Forgive me, but
there's no time for that either.
Merfolk like them
are supposed to be
the fastest swimmers
in the whole world.
But with my new power,
I can swim circles around them!
Not again!
Now, Shark Slicer!
[HORDY chuckles]
Okay, do not
let us get hit by that.
[HORDY] Perhaps I'll
slice you into nice filets.
Then I can feed your flesh
to the little fishes!
A prince of the Ryugu Kingdom,
and a pirate who's
worth 400 million.
They're sure to enjoy that meal.
[laughs]
Go!
[FUKABOSHI] Regardless
of where his power comes from,
his speed is undeniable!
Hold on tightly, Straw Hat!
[laughs]
He's cutting through
stuff just like Zoro!
This is crazy!
[FUKABOSHI] You should save
your admiration for later!
No matter which
way you cowards go,
you can never outswim the
blade of my Shark Slicer!
Hoping you'll lose me
in this cloud of dust, are you?
[HORDY yells]
The Noah!
[DECKEN laughs]
Shirahoshi!
What happened?
Hey, we need to get
on top of that ship, quick!
Damn you, Decken!
I assume this is the favor
you were going to ask before.
But I fail to see the purpose.
It's something Jimbei told me.
But the ship's in a bubble,
so it should be okay!
That would make sense.
Decken is weak to
sea water, just like you.
Despite being a Fishman, he
needs air to move around freely.
It'll be easier
for me to fight there.
And I'm about ready to
kick the crap out of Hordy
and that weirdo who
likes to throw stuff.
Besides, I promised Weepyhoshi
when we left the tower.
I'm supposed to make
sure she's safe!
It seems we are of one mind.
And just like our father,
your sons will become
noble warriors.
[sobs]
With all of our strength,
we will protect Shirahoshi
in body and spirit alike.
I made the same promise.
Yet we allowed ourselves
be bested by a scoundrel
who draws his power
from some drug.
It seems I've failed to keep
my word to our late mother!
I also regret being
suspicious of you at first--
[LUFFY]
Eh, it's no big deal.
Let's head to the deck!
I've got business there, too.
What is this?
[HORDY] I can eliminate
Straw Hat anytime.
But there's another issue
I need to take care of
that simply cannot
wait any longer.
What are you waiting for? C'mon!
No. We must be cautious.
What do you mean "no"?
[FUKABOSHI]
He's up to something.
More than that,
we must be prepared
for another encounter
underwater.
Clearly, our prior
approach was inadequate.
[LUFFY]
So what do we do?
I have an idea.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Please, come on!
Higher!
You've lived
with my Mark-Mark Curse
long enough to know
you can't escape.
And unlike those
axes your little tower
protected you from, there's
nothing in this wide world that
can stop the Noah from
crushing you to itty bitty bits!
[laughs]
Goodness!
If it isn't Hordy Jones!
[laughs]
Say, whatever
happened to Neptune?
Dead maybe?
By the way,
I'm using the Noah to torture
Shirahoshi as we speak!
A genius idea on my part!
Don't you think, Brother?
[laughs]
It's not bad,
but I think I've got
an even better idea.
[laughs]
Do you now? Well, let's hear it!
[DECKEN]
Huh...?
Actually, it's better
if I show you.
--[slashing]
--[DECKEN groans]
[DECKEN rasping]
If you died,
what would become of this ship?
[HORDY]
Well, Decken?
[NARRATOR] Hordy's unexpected
assault on Decken
threatens to destroy all of
Fishman Island.
Yet, even as impending doom
looms in the sky above them,
the Straw Hats continue
their struggle at
the bottom of the sea.
The appearance of a new ally
gives Luffy a chance
to protect Shirahoshi,
but it will take much more
than that to turn the save
the rest of the island.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Fierce Fight Begins!
Luffy vs. Hordy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!